style and grammar edits on tutorials (#4404)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/guides/integrate-frontend/initialize-sentry-sdk.mdx

---
title: Introduce Sentry SDK to Your Frontend Code
sidebar_order: 2
redirect_from:
  - /guides/integrate-frontend/initialize-sentry-sdk/
description: "Learn more about integrating the Sentry SDK with your frontend codebase."
---

In this tutorial, you import the React demo code into your local development environment, add the Sentry SDK, and initialize it.

<Note>

If you're using your own source code, you can skip this section and either:

- Follow the instructions on [Getting Started](/platforms/) for your platform. You can select the desired platform.

> - Continue with the [next step](/guides/integrate-frontend/generate-first-error/).

Author: ```suggestion
- Go directly to the [next step](/guides/integrate-frontend/generate-first-error/).
```

- [Node and NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [NVM](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)

## Step 1: Get the code

1. Open the "frontend-monitoring" sample [code repository](https://github.com/sentry-tutorials/frontend-monitoring) on GitHub.

2. Click "Fork" and select the target GitHub account you wish this repository to be forked in to.

   ![Fork Repository](initialize-sentry-sdk-01.png)

3. Once the fork is complete, click "Clone or download", and copy the repository HTTPS URL.

   ![Clone Repository](initialize-sentry-sdk-02.png)

4. Clone the forked repository to your local environment.

   ```bash
   > git clone <repository HTTPS url>
   ```

5. Now that the sample code is available locally, open the "frontend-monitoring" project in your preferred code editor.

## Step 2: Install the SDK

Sentry captures data by using a platform-specific SDK within your application runtime. To use the SDK, import and configure it in your source code. The demo project uses React and Browser JS. The quickest way to get started is by using the CDN hosted version of the JavaScript browser SDK, however, you can NPM install the [browser SDK](/platforms/javascript/install/npm/) as well.

> 1. Open the `index.html` file (located under _./frontend-monitoring/public/_).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open the `index.html` file (located under `_./frontend-monitoring/public/_`).
```
